Updates in readme, some code commentary and overall project structure (#18)
wikimedia/abstract-wikipedia-data-science: README.md

### Description

This project aims to find Scibunto modules with similar functions on different Wikimedia's wikis. 
Highlighting such modules would allow storing them in more centralized manner, so the users wouldn't
have to copy-paste them from one wiki to another, or "reinvent the wheel" trying to make a script with wanted 
functionality.

For reaching this goal, first all the Scribunto modules should be fetched from all the wikis and stored in more
centralized fashion, along with additional data for analysis. Then through comparing different data, such as titles,
usages and source codes, we expect to distinguish modules, which can be made centralized for better.

### How to use

*1. Create Wikimedia developer account and create a new tool in Toolforge.*

The scripts get a lot of information from Wikimedia table replicas, and these replicas are accessed from the 
Toolforge. Please follow [this page](https://wikitech.wikimedia.org/wiki/Portal:Toolforge/Quickstart) 
to create an account, and a new tool to use this project in.

*2. Create user database*

Fetched data is stored into the database, created by user. To create the user's database, please follow 

> [this guide](database_setup.md). Scripts use this database, fetching the name stored in `DATABASE_NAME` constant.

Reviewer: If people make their own dbs, the constant `DATABASE_NAME` should be stored separately (along with other constants maybe? in a file just for constants). And users can be prompted to create user database and replace the value for this variable.

Author: Yes, I've been thinking about creating a file for constants, but I'm not sure what's the most "pythonistic" way of doing it. Should I add `constants.py` and move it there, or there's something else I should do?

Reviewer: `constants.py` is what I had thought of too. We can import it in other places.
I guess we are in the right track. See [this](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/6345840/whats-the-best-way-to-initialise-and-use-constants-across-python-classes).

Author: Sure, will do it now.

Author: @tanny411 resolved in 954076a0ba9382fe76ece05f09917f0504df8b76. You can probably merge it.

*3. Run the scripts*

To run the scripts from Toolforge tool's account, first you need to initiate Python environment and 
install requirements. For this, do the following:
```shell
$ chmod +x init.sh
$ ./init.sh
```

This will set up Python environment (and get some work done for 

> [setting up cron jobs](#how-to-schedule-the-scripts)). After that, ypu can run Python code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[setting up cron jobs](#how-to-schedule-the-scripts)). After that, you can run Python code.
```

Some scripts require positional arguments to run correctly, especially if you want to run them from local PC
(more info [here](#how-to-use-code-remotely)). To find out more on which exactly arguments the program needs, 
help is available by running `python3 <script-name> -h`.

In short, right now only *fetch_content.py* has obligatory parameters *start_idx* and *end_idx*, which are used

> to let you choose, which exactly wikis you are fetching modules from (indexes start with 0, and the order of them

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to let you choose an exact range of wikis you want to fetch modules from (indexes start with 0, and the order of them
```

is based on *Sources* table order).

The order to run the scripts is:
1. wikis_parser.py
2. fetch_content.py 
3. db_script.py
4. get_db_pages.py

> As running some scripts require quite a lot of time and computations, whe in Toolforge environment, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As running some scripts require quite a lot of time and computations, when in Toolforge environment, 
```

   
4. get_db_pages.py

   Collects additional info about Scribunto modules, whose info was fetched from database replicas, but didn't appear
   in API request results; saves this info to Scripts table.

### How to use code remotely

You can run python scripts, mentioned previously, from your local PC - but you still have to establish
connection to the Toolforge. This requires you to use [ssh tunneling to Toolforge databases](https://wikitech.wikimedia.org/wiki/Help:Toolforge/Database#SSH_tunneling_for_local_testing_which_makes_use_of_Wiki_Replica_databases).
Most likely, you'd need to open the tunnel to two databases: any wiki on *analytics.db.svc.eqiad.wmflabs*
(for example, *enwiki.analytics.db.svc.eqiad.wmflabs*) and *tools.db.svc.eqiad.wmflabs*. 
The ssh port of 1st connection is referred to as *replicas port*, as it allows connecting to the Wikimedia database replicas,
the ssh port of 2nd connection is referred to as *user db port*, as user's database is stored in Tools.

Additionally, you'll need to know the username and password of the tool, where you created the user's database. 
This info is stored into *$HOME/replica.my.cnf* so get this file's content, for example, 

> with `$ nano $HOME/replica.my.cnf`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
with `$ cat $HOME/replica.my.cnf`
```
